# PyBer Analysis

## Overview
The purpose of this analysis was to compare the average prices of fares of the riding sharing app Pyber. Prices were split into three categories by region type- urban, suburban, and rural. The average prices were graphed over a period of four months to show how the amounts fluxuated over time for each region.

## Results
The total number of rides for rural, suburban, and urban consecutively were 125, 625, and 1625; with 78, 490, and 2405 total drivers each. The total fares in USD were $4,327.93, $19,356.33, and $39,854.34. The average fares per ride were $34.62, $30.97, and $24.56; while the average per driver were $55.49, $39.50, and $16.58. The total fares by city type are reflected in the graph over a period of four months. The data shows that the most expensive fares on average were in the rural city type. This is due to the lack of drivers in rural areas- there were approximately 2,300 more drivers in urban areas. This would imply a higher demand for rides in rural areas, which would allow the drivers to earn more per ride. Despite the average fares being much higher, the sheer discrepancy in the number of rides resulted in more earnings for the company in urban areas than the other two.

## Summary and Reccomendation 
Reccomendations for adressing disparities among city types are dependent on what the CEOs wish to ultimately accomplish. If their goal is to is increase the number of drivers in suburban and rural areas, they could implement a sign up bonus for drivers in those areas to increase the availability of rides. This could potentially increase the total amount of rides in these areas. To increase the average fares in urban areas, they could offer surger pricing similar to other ride sharing apps. This would increase the price of a standard fare when there is a high demand for rides in a certain area. Lastly, PyBer could implement a trip sharing feature where other riders could be picked up along the way of another individual's trip. In rural areas trips would be more sparse and likely longer, this would allow drivers to transport more riders more efficiently without having to go back and forth to pick up new riders. 
